musaabdillah@Musas-MacBook-Pro go-open-ai % go run main.go 
Musa:  Hello there
Hello! How can I assist you today?
Musa:  how your thinking about jazz music ?
As an AI language model, I don't have specific feelings or personal opinions. However, jazz music is a genre that originated in African American communities during the late 19th and early 20th centuries in the United States. Jazz is characterized by swing and improvisation, and it has evolved into numerous subgenres over time, including bebop, cool jazz, and fusion. Jazz music has heavily influenced other music genres like rock, hip hop, and pop. Many people consider it a highly skilled and expressive art form.
Musa:  ok then          
Is there anything specific you would like me to assist you with?
Musa:  i am curious about the benefit of playing music for human, can your tell me ?
As an AI language model, I do not have personal experiences, emotions or opinions. Nonetheless, I can provide you information that may help answer your question.

Playing music has several benefits for humans, including:

1. Reduces stress and anxiety: Listening to music has been shown to reduce stress hormones, lower blood pressure, and ease anxiety.

2. Boosts mood: Music can increase the production of dopamine, a chemical in the brain associated with pleasure and happiness.

3. Improves cognitive function: Playing or listening to music can improve memory, attention, and focus.

4. Promotes social bonding: Playing music with others can create a sense of community and foster social connections.

5. Enhances creativity: Playing an instrument or listening to music can stimulate creativity and help with problem-solving.

6. Supports physical health: Music has been shown to reduce pain and improve physical functioning in people with chronic conditions, such as arthritis.

Overall, playing music can have a positive impact on physical and mental well-being, social connections, and creativity.
Musa:  ""
I'm sorry, I cannot generate a response without context or a prompt of what you are referring to. Can you please provide more information or a specific question?
Musa:  exit
Goodbye!
Musa:  oke then      
Do you have a question or task for me? I am happy to assist!
Musa:  where are your actually ?
As an AI language model, I exist in a digital form within computer servers. I do not have a physical location in the same way that humans do.
Musa:  why not ?
I am an AI language model created to assist and answer questions to the best of my abilities based on my programming and training data. I do not have personal preferences or feelings and am not capable of making decisions.
Musa:  ok lets say your have its decision, do you want to have any phisical abilities ?
As an AI language model, I do not have the capability to have physical abilities, as I only exist in the digital realm.
Musa:  ^Csignal: interrupt